Chas on the beach will feature a
strictly local cast that includes
saxophonist Rob's I Taylor and raining
calypso and groovy Monica black the 8th
annual event to be held at the rex
resorts on me third from 12 noon to new
axis edgell to appear including lr f San
works presents the recorder from SWA
machine the band has its own eclectic
sound that includes i soften his Luther
for swamp begin the future Ricardo his
ideas about music as drumming skills of
course but there will be other very
interesting musicians very excellent
musicians let's say you know young
keyboard vehicle just believe this that
I'm going to be there myself as a side
note you know it will also be the first
appearance of the Divas featuring female
talent see Anika Trish and sushi yanika
of sweats and mr. DJ theme says their
sets will include all genres of music
Touche promises something uplifting and
positive especially with her new single
good vibes mr. DJ came at a party wanna
feel the bass I moving through me better
music louder mr. DJ you'll get a mixture
of dancehall hip hop zoo I'll be here a
whole mixture so it is designed to help
people to uplift the youth and you know
to keep that good feeling in them
because when you feel good you were to
have no good to you the lineup as
announced by event coordinator Jackie
Sherrill been weeks is an eclectic mix
of national challenge drawn from all
across the island we have from the south
Tommy Lee and for you of those for those
of you who don't really know about
travel merely they are group of drummers
and changers and storyteller is being
have also Kennedy and the soldier ants
who would be give you given your
pathetic sort of long with jonna's and
world's music sort of thing where did
have
ends and drums and all sorts of things
on Steve so it's very interesting what
they could have come up with this year
the bigger better network digicel has to
date invested over one hundred thousand
dollars in jazz on the beach digicel
country manager Keegan says it is a
relationship that has tremendous
benefits for all involved the fact that
eight years were put on a successful
show for fantastic blend of local
artists and culture and the fact that
his green certainly says a lot about the
product about the team behind it all and
of course the sponsors associated with
that product we are proud to be on this
year of course we're going to be reason
to standard reason the bar these higher
standards include free gifts as well as
giveaways of blackberry handsets and
credits people coming to jazz on the
beach will also get a chance to win a
weekend for two and the rex resorts car
me joseph HTS news channel 4